#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Analysis of Algorithms
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Final Project
\end_layout

\begin_layout Title
First Report
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
March 15, 2017
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
A01631246 - Miguel Miranda
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

A01631731 - Alejandro Güereca
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

A01631677 - Hermes Espínola
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Proposal
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A graph-based database for storing musical bands' discography.
 Some examples of products similar to this one are Last.fm, Pandora, Spotify
 and YouTube.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Requirements
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Functional
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Read the discography of a band.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Group similar bands with a numerical value [0..1)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Given a band, find similar bands.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Given two bands, find a path between them.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Subsection*
Non functional
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Dynamic memory access, so the database doesn't need to be fully loaded in
 memory.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Data integrity and the less redundancy possible.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Scalability.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Implementation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Each band is stored as a graph.
 The node contains the band, information of the band and its discography,
 stored in a hash table.
 Each discography can be sorted by different values, such as name or year.
 The database is stored in partitions, which can be loaded by accessing
 a B-tree.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
